Monday and Tuesday we shot and going to
college party one very exciting part was
we had Pete's real grandfather Stephen
Davidson their college is you
know went to Harvey the Unabomber you
know went to Temple
Bill Cosby you know went to Wharton
Donald Trump it's all a scam I guess I
shouldn't go that oh no you'll have the
time of your life turning Pete's
childhood he'd learned about movies from
his grandfather Stephen and they used to
make films together when he was little
Stephen had never acted before but he
did work in a movie theater 50 or so
years ago and is a giant movie fan he
actually has VHS tapes of like every
movie that's ever been on television I
was afraid to tell him it's a dead
4-minute oh I would say 1,500 tapes so
you're talking almost 5000 movies and of
course tons of Peter in wherever you go
if you open up a basket it's either
could be books tapes
my favorite subject Oh see if he has
quieted down he's ruining my career I
was trying to distract him so he would
forget he was acting so he wouldn't be
self-conscious so I was feeding in a lot
of lines and I think he thought I was
crazy
you know at college I went to polio you
know what college I went to college
I had polio
rapmon Steven Davis oh I have a text
from him he's like I still didn't get
paid from your future are you serious
yeah he goes now I know I'm your family
and it's all giggles but a jobs a job
[Laughter]
[Music]